1. Where useful, create config structures instead of config calls with many variable inputs.
    This would allow for configuration via either header or config file, and would also enable
    an array of configuration structures to be passed at once.
    ex: ssc[0].config(500, 2500, 0, 180, -60, true); becomes ssc[0].config(axis_0_config);

2. I definitely didn't know how to use virtual functions when I wrote this.

3. Comment your code... I don't care how long it takes, or how "self commenting" it is, just do it.

4. Move ALL debug serial print statements into their own "log()" function within each class. Calling this could either
    be the responsibility of the main program, or could be enabled or disabled via some "enable/disable_logging()" function
    inside each class.

    Get all serial logging decoupled from the update functions! That stuff has no business showing up if I'm not debugging.

    Bonus: possibly do some caching/dumping to an SD card asynchronously? Maybe store in ring buffer and dumped when
        encountering an error? Many options for debug dumping once in "production"

5. Create a sequencer that could handle things like startup, calibration, demos, etc.
    This would allow me to perform sensor startup routines and checks in a very controlled way. I've done this before and it
    works very well.

TouchScreen
1. I would change all of the measurements and working variables with uint16_t so that all math could be done as integer math.
    Converting to float for outputs can be done when required, but I'd make all internal math operate on uint16_t with some
    predetermined scale.

2. Separate the definiitions of each variable, with a comment describing each
    ex: uint16_t m_mMax; ///< Max sensor reading along x axis


SensorPack
1. I remember bouncing back and forth regarding whether or not to create a single class for all my sensors
    or to configure them individually. It looks like I did both? This is a VERY messy bit of code and I'm not sure what
    I was thinking...

2. If I were to redo this, I think I would opt for each sensor as its own class, implementing some generic sensor interface.
    I would then create the sensor pack class, where the only responsibility of this class would be to contain registered references
    to each sensor in a map.
    This wrapper would then fire off in the ISR, calling each registered sensor's update function.
    Upon request, each sensor could be quiried individually using the registration name to pull the desired sensor.

3. I think filtering should be left to the sensor class, as each sensor has different requirements for filtering.

4. So many dead references and unused bits. I tried to use kalman filtering, but seemed to abandon that. 


Logger
1. Use templating instead of defining different sppend functions for different data types. I did not deeply understand templating
    when I wrote this, and honestly, it's still a bit fuzzy for me. I need to get comfortable with templating.

2. Add in some way of enabling or disabling logging on the fly, possibly tying that to compiler debug flags.

3. Add a ring buffer to the logger that allows multiple "lines" of logged values to accumulate, which can be dumped on demand
    during an error event or some other defined time.


RobotController
1. It would be very cool to add in a way of self leveling the robot at startup using the IMU.


Controller
1. oh lord, this one is rough. Looks like I implemented a descrete PID controller, despite having written a PID class?
    No idea why I did that. This feels like it was written in a very "just get it working, it's been broken for days" mood.
